"Mabel"
Cover by: Eve
Translation by: Eumi
That's not funny
Saying "I've become unlucky"
Look who's talking
How many times have you fooled me already?
Playing with that finger
Don't mess with me
Even though you know nothing will change if you pretend to be the victim
Just like this it becomes night again
Good night
That's why
We only face each other after the day breaks
See, we will be sleeping today
And since,
There is no meaning to these words
So don't worry about it and close your eyes
People say that it's just something that changed after getting hurt, right?
How many times has this happened already?
It's just sleeping in that chest
Accidentally saying "I don't hate you"
Even though those words were shaking
Why do we cover our eyes so easily like that?
Why? Why? Why?
We use vague words because we are scared of lies
See you later,
The light shakes from far away
Here,
It's already too late to ask about our love
So just pretend you didn't hear anything
Ahhh
Become blue, as if you've become ripe
Become red, as if you're rotting away
Ahhh
It can't be
It can't be helped
That only the awkward thoughts remain
That's why
We only face each other after the day breaks
See, we will be sleeping today
And since,
Those kind of words are called kindness
A feeling that's so empty I can almost touch it,
Remains